Added "new shell terminal needed" notice (#693)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/getting-started/prerequisites.md

Rust is installed now. Great!
```

:::note

> You now need to open a new shell for rust to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to open a new shell for Rust to work properly after being installed.
```

@JonasKruckenberg any notes on this?

Reviewer 2: 1) If we need to mention it we need to mention it for all platforms.
2) Why is rustup's warning not enough 😢

Author: 1. I don't know how the shell works in other platforms, please feel free to add it if needed as well.
2. The warning I got was very mysterious and looked unrelated, hence the warning here, IIRC it was: "Error running CLI: failed to run cargo: No such file or directory (os error 2)"

Reviewer 2: That's not the error i meant. When you install [rustup](https://rustup.rs/) it asks you to restart the terminal too 🤷

Author: Oh sorry, I didn't see any relevant message about restarting the terminal ([nor I see any in the source code here?](https://sh.rustup.rs/)), what does the rustup warning say? If it's there I've probably have missed it. IIRC when the installation finished I just saw the message "Rust is installed now. Great!" and then assumed I was done with the pre-requisites and moved on, but then the cargo error came up, Google was very unhelpful and it took a while until I could figure out that I just had to restart the terminal.

Reviewer: For reference, this is what you get after installing rustup

<img width="434" alt="Screenshot 2022-06-23 at 10 46 54" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15347255/175270412-2dd8a95e-d5ae-4330-99d0-3e52579cc14f.png">

Reviewer: I'm going to close this one out, I think it was just a blip. If we see it causing an issue for more people then we can add it in. Thanks a bunch anyway!

Author: Sure! I probably missed that somehow, thanks for the follow ups
